add support to override not ready taint to be ignored by the CA (#19247)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/taints.rst

on a given node to help preventing pods from starting before Cilium runs on said
node. The mechanism works as follows:

1. The cluster administrator places a specific taint (see below) on a given
   uninitialized node. Depending on the taint's effect (see below), this prevents
   pods that don't have a matching toleration from either being scheduled or
   altogether running on the node until the taint is removed.

2. Cilium runs on the node, initializes it and, once ready, removes the
   aforementioned taint.

3. From this point on, pods will start being scheduled and running on the node,
   having their networking managed by Cilium.

By default, the taint key is ``node.cilium.io/agent-not-ready``, but in some
scenarios (such as when Cluster Autoscaler is being used but its flags cannot be
configured) this key may need to be tweaked. This can be done using the
``agent-not-ready-taint-key`` option. In the aforementioned example, users should
specify a key starting with ``ignore-taint.cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/``.

> When such a value is used, the ClustervAutoscaler will ignore it when simulating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When such a value is used, the Cluster Autoscaler will ignore it when simulating
```

3. From this point on, pods will start being scheduled and running on the node,
   having their networking managed by Cilium.

> The taint's key can also be overridden by passing a value to ``agent-not-ready-taint-key``.

Reviewer: Let's maybe change line 36 and 37 above to read

> The cluster administrator places a specific taint (see below) on a given uninitialized node.

Line 42 to read

> Cilium runs on the node, initializes it and, once ready, removes the aforementioned taint.

And finally line 48 (being introduced) to

> By default, the taint key is ``node.cilium.io/agent-not-ready``, but in some scenarios (such as when Cluster Autoscaler is being used but its flags cannot be configured) this key may need to be tweaked. This can be done using the ``agent-not-ready-taint-key`` option. In the aforementioned example, users shouldspecify a key starting with ``ignore-taint.cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/``. When such a value is used, the Cluster Autoscaler will ignore it when simulating scheduling, allowing the cluster to scale up.

I'm deliberately suggesting we remove "from zero" because it seems to be the case in recent (>= 1.22) versions of GKE that the Cluster Autoscaler can't scale at all (not only from zero).
